WiFi (ESP32 wifi, joystick and button RGB,LCD, Sensor Block)
Act1 - Let there be light - Fade in and fading out of RGB 

Act2 - Button Logic & Input Handling - LCD with 4 buttons and joystick , crosshair then movement when joystick is move, button designator 
ligths up when press.

Act3 - Sense the heat - aht20 with lcd gauge ui

Act4 - Smart Indicator - LCD,RGB,BUZZER,TEMPHUM,LIGHTINTENSITY print sa lcd reading nung tatlo, threshold alarm buzzer, rgb light 
                         indicator base dun sa kung hot ,cool, comfortable, ayun tapos base din un brightness dun sa light intensity

Act5 - Wi-Fi Here I Come! - lcd,rgb,buzzer, led indicator connecting and connected,tone if connected,
                             connecting print on lcd, ip printed when connected on lcd

Act6 - I am the server - lcd,rgb,buzzer,generate hotspot then connect it the access the ip , inside webpage can play some tunes,change rgb
                         brightness,sequence and color, can also type message to reflect to lcd
Act7 - Connect me n check me - lcd,rgb,buzzer and sensor, connect to wifi generate ip, then there is a dashboard with gauges and reading updating
                                buzzer alarms when connected to wifi , rgb lights up on connecting,wifi connected and threshold trigger,
                                lcd printed details about connecting,ip, and reading

Act8 - read lang(inserted here un sample ng simple connection ng mqtt connected at wifi with led light connectivity indicator) 

Act9 - sensor data - (RGB,Sensor module and MQTT send tempphum lux to mqtt, audible sound and rgb sequence when connecting alarm when 
                      threshold reach)
Act9 - Test yourself(Publish) - (RGB,buzzer,LCD,Joystick same concept pa rin hung dimmer sa joystick naka corelate, un buttons may logic sequence
                        para sa hue 0-270) wala rfid di gumana eh XD
Act10 - Remote control ouput (subscribe buttons on and off thru mqtt)
Act10 - Test youurself (RGB,LCD,Joystick) ginamit ko un asa link na trainer lahat 
Act11 - OTA - upload bin file sa web update the firmware
Act12 - Create a system combined with that magnda to roleta kung ano system gagwin per group para ala kopyahan XD


GSM (GSM, LCD,RGB,rotary slider,sensor module)

1 Getting to know GSM 	---> 	Check network registration status and ensure the SIM800L connects to a mobile network. Ensure simcard has mobile data.
		  		Explain LED Blinking State and how to interpret network statuses.
				Check signal quality (RSSI) periodically and display it over Serial.
				Send SMS with SIM800L using AT command.

2 SMS Blasting          --->	Use SMS to send sensor readings or messages to multiple mobile numbers. Implement AT commands to send SMS alerts.
                                (LCD,Sensor block ,GSM)
3 Text to Control	--->	Receive an SMS and trigger an action like toggling a relay or LED.
                                (RGB,GSM)
4 SMS Acknowledgement	--->	Reply automatically to incoming messages as a simple command acknowledgment system.
                                (RGB,SLIDER,GSM) , adjust the rgb color and brightness thru slider and rotary then when we request rgb status gsm 
                                will reply what brightness and color it is.
5 Checking the Airquality	--->	Send an SMS command like 'STATUS' and receive a response with sensor and system info.Send msg if threshold is trigger
                                        LCD printst the number who sent the message, also prints sent, at no message prints data of sensor (SENSOR,LCD,GSM)

LoRA Activities
1 Our LoRA messenger - 2 lora module communicating each other thru serial monitor
2 P2P -Peer to peer where 1 module send sensor reading while the other one change status of RGB, as well as alarm when threshold is trigger
3 Endnode & Gateway - basic end node with OTAA , and gateway authentication
4 Gateway To IoT - end node temp hum lux with credentials and send to certain interval
                   gateway accepts the value send it to mqtt right away
5 Gateway to IoT but encrypted

6 relay lora control - control the relay on the end node using lora , but the gateway
                       receive command via mqtt.
mqtt command act6
mosquitto_pub -d -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "LoRa/act5/esp01/button2" -m "ON"
mosquitto_pub -d -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "LoRa/act5/esp01/button2" -m "OFF"
mosquitto_pub -d -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "LoRa/act5/esp01/button1" -m "ON"
mosquitto_pub -d -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "LoRa/act5/esp01/button1" -m "OFF"

7 relay lora with sensor threshold, change interval thru mqtt, relay activitation thru mqtt with encryptions
mqtt command act7
mosquitto_sub -d -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "WiFi/act7/#"


mosquitto_pub -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "LoRa/act7/NODE_001/button2" -m "ON"
mosquitto_pub -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "LoRa/act7/NODE_001/button2" -m "OFF"


interval change
mosquitto_pub -h innovph.com -p 1883 -u mqtt -P ICPHmqtt! -t "LoRa/act7/NODE_001/interval" -m "10000"

BLE Actvities
1 Know your ble - this activity uses only 1 ble module, which is created as a server , download nrfconnect on phone to scan and locate the server
2 Server and Client - two ble boards module, use previous code for the server, but now use the other module to be the one connecting the server 
                      and using the server sent message thru serial monitor on the client
3 BLE-Broadcaster - one ble is server sending data of the sensors lux temp and hum to multiple client, using the other ble module that will be the client
                    with lcd that prints it, to confirm that it is able to do multi client also connect the nrfconnect and check the broadcast value thru ble
	
